conventions

username for the volunteer: first letter of first name + 7 letters of last name + 3 numbers
    for example: elliott castillo 
        ecastill001

UID: facility_number (4-digits) + person_id (9-digits) + userID of person registering them (5-digits)
	for example: Juan Doe
		1234001110110ecastill001


person status codes:

unmatched = person still looking and no one has looked for them


Match status codes

claimed - this means UID_A saw UID_B's picture and is claiming them
matched - this means that UID_A and UID_B have been confirmed as a match by a person
potential-match - this means that the algorithm has determined that these people are potential matches. Likely, this means that 
                  have eached claimed each other at some point


ticket status
new - has been newly created
assigned - has been assigned for an agent to work it
in-progress - the assigned person has started working on it
reconciled - match has been found but not reunited
closed - family has been confirmed reunited


admin user groups
super_admin - sees all has access to all. can delete tickets and facilities and all kinds of omnipotence
facility_admin - can edit some of the facility parameters and can edit users
admin - is a volunteer or worker who helps others with their registrations
user - is a person seeking to be reunited. when someone self-registers they immediately become part of this group



Flow and goings on - the refugee scenario
- need a user ticket queue for admins to work approvals through.
- need to account for all types of characters being entered into the db. need to learn how to encode and decode or something.
- need to account for a password of the day mechanism for the facility_admins. (only the facility_admins can unlock the terminal) (google passcode)
- need to account for multiple stations in a single facility

once a "user" self-registers it will actually be the whole add_user form. the user_id to use in the creation of the username will be 'self'

once they hit "submit" on the user registration form...

  1. a ticket will be issued to the add-user-tickets database table
  2. it will show up as a new ticket in the general admin queue
  3. the user will have to wait until an admin approves the registration.
  4. once the admin verifies that the picture and video uploaded correctly, they can hit approve. (this is a step to keep the system clean)
       - no profanity, no nudity, no hateful speech, no threats.
       - if these terms are violated, the admin is responsible.
  5. once the user has been approved they can start browsing and searching for their family
  6. the user will be able to log into the system but until the user's status is approved, they only have access to "view registration status page"
  7. once the user is approved, the user_id doubles as their identify for searching for people
  8. once the user claims someone, a ticket is generated as usual. 
  9. the user will NOT be able to edit their own profile after the fact.
  10. they will have the ability to submit a ticket for editing - which will go in the admin queue
  11. they can only browse and claim people. 

SAFETY - There is a chance that someone will approach the station with bad intentions. perhaps even agents of the governement that's trying to kill them... this is something we cannot get around. BUT... if we work with the facilities around who has access to the kiosk then this may be 
alleviated somewhat. basically, if the person is known to the refugee camp and has been registered with the refugee camp, then they can then be allowed to go register in the kiosk. remember, only the facility-admins can unlock a station for use.





